here today with this Revlon Colorstay
long wear and yell enamel so here's how
it looks and I got this color in
passionate pink which is the number of
50 I don't know if you can see that
alright so first off let me just say
this is definitely a long wear I've been
wearing this nail polish for about four
days now and it's still looking good
it's it's a couple of chips and stuff
that's because I didn't let it fully dry
before I start doing stuff so I got a
couple of Nicks so that's not the nail
polishes fault doesn't that's mine I
should have waited til it dried before
start doing whatever I was doing so for
this stuff the color I would start off
by saying that it is a really pretty
color really pink like Barbie which is
my favorite by the way and as far as the
color itself there's no shine to it
it's just matte and it's a little too
matte for me so what I would do next
time I'm wearing it is pair it up with
this other color
now this is not Revlon it's a brand
coffee cup and the color is pretty pink
but just imagine how look if I overlaid
it with the Revlon color with the Revlon
Colorstay it's a thicker nail polish
than any other nail polish I've had so
let's open it up in a month it looked
like it kind of spilled over or
something during shipping which kind of
sucks but still a good nail polish as
you can see it's pretty thick it's
taking forever just to drop so I like
the consistency it's a little bit easier
to work with because when you're
painting your nails it doesn't run like
some other nail polishes do it stays and
it really helps you control the nail
polish better so that way you can avoid
going over the edge like I did in a few
spots but you can easily clean that up
as far as the smell goes it smells like
any other nail polish it stinks
not like the Revlon one I think they
came out with it in the fall where it
smell like something I don't know
this one doesn't smell like anything so
please do not sniffing because it stinks
and as far as price goes I bought this
from CVS I would not suggest buying it
from there it always costs more than any
other place like Target or Walmart or
wherever but it cost me about 849 there
which is kind of expensive in my opinion
for nail polish
especially Revlon I mean it's not any
other brand like Chanel or something
like that where you're guaranteed to
spend about 20 bucks for nail polish
it's not that bad
next time I do buy this nail polish I
want to try their purple color it's like
a metallic I will definitely be buying
it at Walmart or Target probably target
because I can never find anything of my
Walmart the section is always so messy
and they never have anything sometimes
it's got a target anyway so that's my
review I hope you guys liked it
you should definitely definitely try
this nail polish out its rhoann
Colorstay and this color is impassionate
pink
you